upgrade docs signifficant refinement (#2296)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/upgrade/deployment-or-cluster.md

# Upgrade your deployment or cluster [upgrade-deployment-cluster]

This section contains the actual upgrade instructions for {{es}} clusters and {{kib}} instances. Upgrade procedures depend on whether you installed Elastic components using Elastic-managed or self-managed infrastructure.

## Prerequisites

Before proceeding with the upgrade, review the [Plan your upgrade](/deploy-manage/upgrade/plan-upgrade.md) guidance to understand compatibility and timing considerations, and follow the steps in [Prepare to upgrade](/deploy-manage/upgrade/prepare-to-upgrade.md) to get your environment ready for the upgrade.

## Out-of-order releases [out-of-order-releases]

> Elastic maintains several minor versions of Elasticsearch at once. This means releases do not always happen in order of their version numbers. You can only upgrade to {{version.stack}} if the version you are currently running meets both of these conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elastic maintains several minor versions of {{es}} at the same time. This means releases do not always happen in order of their version numbers. You can only upgrade to {{version.stack}} if the version you are currently running meets both of these conditions:
```

> * Has an older version number than {{version.stack}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Has a lower version number than {{version.stack}}
```
(for consistency, because up above we say "if the version number is higher")

Author: In this case we are saying `older` but actually `older version number`, so clearly we are identifying the numeric / ordinal value of the version.

But you are right that if we keep `higher`, probably lower makes more sense here, and `lower version number` should be fine too.

Thanks! I hadn't realized about this.

* Has an earlier release date than {{version.stack}}

> If you are currently running a version with an older version number but a later release date than {{version.stack}}, wait for a newer release before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are currently running a version with a lower version number but a later release date than {{version.stack}}, wait for a newer release before upgrading.
```
